FileSharing Usage Information

USAGE:
 To start Group Server: java RunGroupServer [(optional) port number]
 When the group server is first started, there are no users or groups. Since 
 there must be an administer of the system, the user is prompted via the console
 to enter a username. This name becomes the first user and is a member of the
 ADMIN group.  Also, no groups exist.  The group server will by default
 run on port 8766, but a custom port can be passed as the first command line
 argument.

 To start the File Server: java RunFileServer [(optional) port number]
 The file server will create a shared_files inside the working directory if one 
 does not exist. The file server is now online.  The file server will by default
 run on port 4321, but a custom port can be passed as the first command line
 argument.

 To start the client UI: java UI [(optional group port] [(optional) file port]. Either both port numbers must be entered
 or neither. If neither is entered, it will default to the correct defaults of the Group and File Servers.
 It connects automatically to localhost. The UI will then prompt for a username, of which a valid one must be given.
 The user then has the option to choose from file, group operations, or disconnecting. Anytime an error occurs, the user
 is brought back to the beginning of this decision tree. This loops inifinitely until the user requests to disconnect.

 We have discoevered an error where group rosters, upon modification, do not reflect the new roster until the user has
 disconnected and reconnected. We have not figured out why. This means that when someone is added to or deleted from a
 group, the group roster will not change to reflect this until a new UI session is started, despite the fact that
 the method succeeded.

 When performing upload operations, the code asks for the source path. Use the relative path from where you are running
 the code. When it then asks for the destination path, it wants the relative path from shared_files. If you use a 
 different filename, it will rename the file. The reverse is true for the download operation.

 To reset the File server completely, delete FileList.bin and the shared_files 
 directory.
 To reset the Group Server, delete UserList.bin.
 
 Note that this implementation supports server side directories.

